Skip to content

Allrecipes
Search the site
Find a recipe or ingredient

Log In

Recipes
Meat and Poultry
Chicken
Chicken Breast
Sheet Pan Parmesan Chicken and Veggies
4.6
(128)
113 Reviews
20 Photos
This extra-crispy sheet pan chicken and veggies dinner is baked on one pan and packed with flavor!

Submitted by chpmnk42  Updated on July 14, 2024
 Tested by Allrecipes Test Kitchen

Save

Rate
Print

Share
looking down at a sheet pan of parmesan chicken and veggies




20

Prep Time:
30 mins
Cook Time:
20 mins
Total Time:
50 mins
Servings:
6
Jump to Nutrition Facts
Ingredients
1 tablespoon dried oregano

1 tablespoon dried parsley

1 teaspoon paprika

½ teaspoon garlic powder

¼ teaspoon seasoned salt, or to taste

¼ teaspoon ground black pepper, or to taste

½ pound fresh green beans, trimmed

1 small red potato, diced

1 sweet bell pepper, chopped

1 cup broccoli florets, chopped

1 tablespoon minced garlic

3 tablespoons olive oil

⅓ cup all-purpose flour

4 tablespoons butter, melted

1 cup panko bread crumbs

1 cup freshly grated Parmesan cheese, divided

1 ½ pounds skinless, boneless chicken breasts, pounded flat and excess fat removed

Dipping Sauce (Optional):

1/2 cup mayonnaise (Optional)

1/4 cup ketchup (Optional)

1/2 tsp garlic powder (Optional)

1/4 tsp Worcestershire sauce (Optional)

Directions
Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C). Line a sheet pan with parchment paper.

Combine oregano, parsley, paprika, garlic powder, seasoned salt, and pepper in a small bowl.

spice mixture in bowl
Dotdash Meredith Food Studios
Place green beans, potato, bell pepper, broccoli, and garlic onto the prepared sheet pan. Drizzle with olive oil and sprinkle with 1/2 of the seasoning mix; toss to coat.

mixed green vegetables and spices on sheet tray
Dotdash Meredith Food Studios
Place flour into a bowl. Place melted butter into a second bowl. Mix panko, 2/3 cup Parmesan cheese, and the remaining seasoning mix together in a third bowl.

Slice chicken into 1 1/4-inch strips, then coat in flour. Dredge floured strips in melted butter, dripping excess butter back into the bowl. Press into Parmesan-panko mixture until heavily coated on both sides.

breaded chicken strips on tray
Dotdash Meredith Food Studios
Push veggies to one half of the sheet pan. Place coated chicken strips onto the other side. Sprinkle any remaining Parmesan-panko mixture over chicken, pressing to adhere.

Bake in the preheated oven for 10 minutes. Flip chicken strips and stir veggies, then continue to bake until chicken juices run clear and veggies are crisp-tender, 10 to 15 more minutes. An instant-read thermometer inserted into the center of the chicken should read at least 165 degrees F (74 degrees C).

sheet pan chicken and vegetables
Dotdash Meredith Food Studios
Meanwhile, make the dipping sauce: Whisk mayonnaise, ketchup, garlic powder, and Worcestershire sauce together in a small bowl.

mayo dip for chicken tenders
Dotdash Meredith Food Studios
Remove chicken and veggies from the oven. Toss veggies with remaining 1/3 cup Parmesan cheese. Serve with dipping sauce.

Recipe Tips
You can use mini sweet peppers in place of the regular bell pepper.

To save time, use chicken tenders instead of boneless chicken breasts.

I Made It
Print
Nutrition Facts (per serving)
535
Calories
25g
Fat
33g
Carbs
45g
Protein

Show Full Nutrition Label



Reviews (113)
Check out our Community Guidelines about reviews.

Sheet Pan Parmesan Chicken and Veggies
My Rating (required)

Rate this a 1
Rate this a 2
Rate this a 3
Rate this a 4
Rate this a 5
My Review
What did you think about this recipe? Did you make any changes or notes?
Cancel
Submit
4.6 out of 5
128 Ratings
5 star
91
4 star
24
3 star
9
2 star
3
1 star
1
Most helpful positive review
Gerise
11/17/2019
Made this today for Sunday dinner after church. It was quick and easy. I used cauliflower, carrots, broccoli and one baking potato (diced). I had to use an additional small baking sheet for the chicken as I used too many veggies. I would say the one thing that was missing was salt, so next time I'd definitely add some to both the chicken and the veggies. So delicious!
Read More

Helpful (16)
113 Reviews
Sort
Filter
Allrecipes Member
09/19/2024
 Family favorite A keeper!

Helpful (0)
cookin'gal
09/14/2024
I thought this was very good but hubby was not as pleased. The spice mix is not overpowering and tasted good. The sauce kicks the flavor up a notch. It was done in the time stated with the chicken tender and flavorful. Hubby didn't care for the roasted veggies but I liked them. It did not take very long to assemble either.

Helpful (0)
Allrecipes Member
09/09/2024
 A keeper!

Helpful (0)
RitaT
08/05/2024
 Easy to follow Worth the effort A keeper!
User Photo Upload
Quick and easy. Added more seasoning for flavor. Left broccoli out but added potatoes

Helpful (1)
Shirl
04/25/2024
 Family favorite
I love this recipe

Helpful (0)
kwallyz
02/20/2024
My wife and I both liked this recipe. It was easy to make and healthy with all the vegetables. I cut the ingredients back for the two of us and skipped the dipping sauce, though in the end it could have used some kind of sauce. I skipped the initial flour dredging - I am not sure this is needed and they turned out crispy and flavorful. My chicken was very thin and cooked faster than the vegetables so I kept the chicken warn while the rest cooked. Overall a very nice recipe.
Read More

Helpful (1)
Con
01/16/2024
Absolutely a keeper! I could only give it four stars because of the changes I made: Instead of a regular potato, I used one large sweet potato, sliced thin and cut into half rounds. Also, I only seasoned the vegetables with salt, pepper, garlic, and EVOO. I didn't want the entire meal to have identical spices. I served the chicken breasts with RAO marinara sauce and everyone loved it.
Read More

Helpful (1)
marchanne1
01/04/2024
Followed the recipe exactly, this was really good. My only complaint was the cooking time for the veggies - the chicken was done, but veggies were still quite crunchy. I ended up removing the chicken and cooking them another 10 minutes. Next time I’ll start the veggies first, then add the chicken.

Helpful (3)
rsabo11attnet
10/05/2023
A go to dinner. Lots of prep but tasty and easy to make. Also easy to substitute vegetables. One tip. I use separate sheet pans for chicken and veggies.

Helpful (3)
Load More reviews
You’ll Also Love


Sheet Pan Chicken Dinner for Two
7 Ratings


Sheet Pan Chicken Meal
19 Ratings


Irish Chicken
6 Ratings


Jasmine Rice and Red Curry Chicken Wonton Bowls
3 Ratings


Chicken and Green Bean Casserole
115 Ratings
close up view of Chicken, Rice, and Green Bean Casserole in a baking dish

Chicken, Rice, and Green Bean Casserole
53 Ratings


Coconut Curry Chicken and Vegetables in the Slow Cooker
9 Ratings
close up view of One-Pan Chicken Dinner, with green beans, chicken and potatoes

One-Pan Chicken Dinner
86 Ratings


Green Bean Cheddar Chicken
57 Ratings


Greek Lemon Chicken and Potato Bake
876 Ratings


Warm Green Bean and Potato Salad with Goat Cheese
25 Ratings


Sheet Pan Parmesan-Dijon Chicken Thigh Dinner
8 Ratings


Vegan Green Bean, Tomato, and Basil Sheet Pan Dinner
21 Ratings


Bavarian Kohlrabi Soup
9 Ratings


Ground Turkey and Red Potato Veggie Soup
10 Ratings


One-Pot Hamburger Adobo Dinner
57 Ratings
Allrecipes
Newsletters
Follow Us
Dinners
Meals
Ingredients
Occasions
Cuisines
Kitchen Tips
News
Features
About Us
Editorial Process
Anti-Racism Pledge
Privacy Policy
Product Vetting
Terms of Service
Advertise
Careers
Contact
Your Privacy Choices   
Allrecipes is part of the Dotdash Meredith publishing family.